com/cloudnative/movie/domain/RegistrationResponse.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.domain.RegistrationResponse
com/cloudnative/movie/domain/SubscribeRequest.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.domain.SubscribeRequest
com/cloudnative/movie/domain/RegistrationRequest.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.domain.RegistrationRequest
com/cloudnative/movie/jpa/entity/User.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.jpa.entity.User
com/cloudnative/movie/jpa/repository/WishlistRepository.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.jpa.repository.WishlistRepository
com/cloudnative/movie/jpa/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.jpa.repository.UserRepository
com/cloudnative/movie/domain/LoginRequest.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.domain.LoginRequest
com/cloudnative/movie/controller/FileController.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.controller.FileController
com/cloudnative/movie/controller/SubscriptionController.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.controller.SubscriptionController
com/cloudnative/movie/jpa/entity/MovieDetails.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.jpa.entity.MovieDetails
com/cloudnative/movie/service/DBFileStorageService.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.service.DBFileStorageService
com/cloudnative/movie/service/UserService.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.service.UserService
com/cloudnative/movie/domain/WishListRequest.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.domain.WishListRequest
com/cloudnative/movie/controller/MovieDeatilsController.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.controller.MovieDeatilsController
com/cloudnative/movie/MovieApplication.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.MovieApplication
com/cloudnative/movie/domain/UploadFileResponse.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.domain.UploadFileResponse
com/cloudnative/movie/Constant/ApplicationConstants.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.Constant.ApplicationConstants
com/cloudnative/movie/service/SubscriptionService.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.service.SubscriptionService
com/cloudnative/movie/jpa/entity/WishList.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.jpa.entity.WishList
com/cloudnative/movie/service/WishlistService.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.service.WishlistService
com/cloudnative/movie/controller/RegistrationController.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.controller.RegistrationController
com/cloudnative/movie/controller/WishlistController.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.controller.WishlistController
com/cloudnative/movie/jpa/repository/MovieDetailRepository.java
 com.cloudnative.movie.jpa.repository.MovieDetailRepository
